hi he was led by me on stage
electronics art on an electron like this
funny entertainment expo I don't want
share with you your impression
first company presentation at zero
the day I dubbed the Internet as not
the most interesting did not forget successfully let's
understand why we went
looking for the perfect job make money
along with the blink detailed information in
description see the video vilsak with e3 in
games 50,000 rubles for the apple technique
details are all there in the description of luck
Electronics Arts started the presentation with
mass effect andromeda and looks
amazing i'm a big fan of it
the universe and the trilogy is over
begins a new and see what would our
this time will show and despite the fact that
Essentially the game is not clear yet
nothing is known except the setting and that
what company does it look like
extremely promising believe believe believe nid
fo speed new legend revival
so messed up a series of past
several parts that the people already oh my god
my no you don't drink it
rebirth is not a new underground but
something very close and again nightly
racing again tangle and tuning cars
again, very essentially arcade physics
but what we need is not it a little not cable
and flew
single rabbit claims to marching
country action camera when it flies
smell the car but they say it can
disable
really want to try i remember in
underground 1 2 ugoral at all it was
games that are almost wiped up to holes
no wonder they use such a big
love fans really hope that the guinea
not zaporet that this time finally
will make a good did not sleep showed
addition for and mom star wars old
republic looks amazing two brothers
as always the dark and light side of power
blah blah blah
jock what a shriveled $ 3 public
which nobody play let me already
continuation of the very same rpp step which I
loved by the way 2 to old republic knights
of the old republic goes to ios
very soon she is very cool and he
forehead
I hope it will close next soon.
the game was plants vs zombies and how it
full treshnyak say that in this build
a nap or something like that plays 6
million people well damn in the clash of
clans too play people legs ok but on
in fact this is a very strange topic very
specific so psychedelic
what I don't even want in her
dive so it is not mine well
write and now if this play
why i bring can be fun
cool but damn there are many others
fun cool games healthier
stolle
followed terrible happened it was the turn
her sport in general all died nbs 16 began
16 fifa 16 maidan nfl 16 dj 16 everywhere
some nuances of their own but so much so
it's rotten that you don't even want to go into
details when the first video came out
FIFA Women's national teams which showed people
somehow tensed dudes you what more
nothing to do you get down to business
the presentation led pelea debt with him
communicated he told what he
cool footballer and generally respect him
infinite but I already realized at that moment
that from the fifa jester is wrong in the village
really the game did very
a small step in my development seems to me
what do we have with you as the players
accumulated a huge number of claims
to this game both in physics and for some
individual elements of course not female
national team is not what we wanted it
pretty shitty marketing move
for nb and came up with a face with hd which
scans your face very quickly you can
make a player well and generally nb and
some sort of reborn remember
the series was closed at one time when
came completely uninteresting and started
It looks well, so at C grade, I first under
some angles thought it was
some port with ps2 joke of course well and
midone pj in general game for lovers
This course in America enjoys
popular but we don't have much so
fifa 16 this time without any
revelations I hope that at least
will do no worse because of some
a serious leap in development wait not
accounted for damn let's do
pretend that the game minion paradise is not at all
there is some kind of endless thrash
minions already exploits all who fail
laziness
yes very cute creatures yes probably will
cool cartoon
but what the hell to do again
some kind of this terrible simulator
I do not understand the strategy cho I just ask
stop making similar games i
right that doesn't make a lot of money but it
straight such a blow to karma that straight all
do not recover but they showed
mirror's edge catalyst that looks like
very nice at least it's probably
continuation of those ideas that were
laid in the first game have been waiting for a long time
the sequel it came and she is cool
parkour first person
1 part I passed in one breath this
there was a color cool room was
the moment when the rc electronics we said
Now the company that makes new api
we will make dead space yes yes yes since
Already a lot of water has passed and finally
mirrors edge has risen well, but before the release still
I hope a lot of time
the game will polish polish and it will
very very worthy sequel
finished the presentation well actually on
a major note showed a huge piece
battlefront gameplay and the biggest
card
look amazing days brooms not
knits the only ones does not leave feeling
that this is a battlefield and people are also running
and shoot just as skins
redraw and perry machines sounded
but anyway this is some kind of new
setting because maybe this is mine
view of battlefield fed up at all here
this whole food solder story too
fed up want something at all
return to basics or something star wars is
a good breath of fresh air look
more that the winter map was shown in
this sense is really good and of course
these chips when you can fight for
darth vader for skywalker hatch straight
play on the feelings of the fans just like
guitar and for that they thank you very much
guys can be seen very fond and the universe then
what do good people do and
cool that very soon we will get
so cool shooter in which we can
burn many, many hours
vocord expert
it was my first impression
presentations electronics rts now need
in everything and play and you write in
comments as you went or not
why what games did you like more
that's all and again why subscribe
on the channel if you have n't done it yet
put likes on you there already blow up
there is atas subscribe to twitter and
instagram contact there is a lot of interesting
information and participate in my
a competition called mills her 3
play 50,000 rubles for apple equipment
shock not lose weight until new meetings yet